1) AWS Backup-
AWS Backup lets to centrally manage and automate backups across AWS services and third-party applications.

AWS Backup is a fully managed backup service that makes it easy to centralize and automate the backing up of data across AWS services. 
With AWS Backup, we can create backup policies called backup plans.
You can use these plans to define your backup requirements, such as how frequently to back up your data and how long to retain those backups.



2) Is AWS backup full or incremental?
  AWS Backup efficiently stores your periodic backups incrementally.
  The first backup of an AWS resource backs up a full copy of your data.
  For each successive incremental backup, only the changes to your AWS resources are backed up.

3) 1) AWS BACKUP- With continuous backups, we can restore your AWS Backup-supported resource by rewinding it back to a specific time that you choose, 
within 1 second of precision (going back a maximum of 35 days). Available for Aurora, RDS, S3, and SAP HANA on Amazon EC2 resources.

4) Copy backup to destination ( CROSS REGION)  
5) Backup vaults-  Backup vaults are containers where your backups are stored. You can have one default vault or multiple vaults where backups can be stored. 

6) AWS Backup Vault Lock-
AWS Backup Vault Lock helps protect your vault from accidental or malicious deletion. You can add data retention policies on your vault for governance and compliance purposes.


7) What is the difference between backup and replication and snapshot?
  Snapshots vs. Backups vs. Replication: What's the Difference? |
  Backups, snapshots, and replication are often confused but are slightly different things with the same ultimate goal of protecting your data. 
  Backups are for redundancy, snapshots are for fast retrieval, and replication is for minimizing downtime.

8)  What is the difference between backup and replication and snapshot?

"A snapshot is an image of your system/volume at a specific point in time."

"A backup is a copy of your entire system/volume at the time the backup was performed."           