# IIS 10/Windows Server 2016: Generate CSRs (Certificate Signing Requests)

Before request a certificate validation, we need to use  IIS Manager to generate a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for our website.

1) In the Windows start menu, type Internet Information Services (IIS) Manager.
2) Once you have the IIS manager open, go to the Connections panel on the left, click the server name for which you want to generate the CSR.
3) In the middle panel, double-click Server Certificates.
4) In the Actions panel on the right, click Create Certificate Request
5) Enter the following Distinguished Name Properties, and then click Next:

@ Common Name — The fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) — or URL — for which you plan to use your certificate (the area of your site you want customers to connect to using SSL).

@ An SSL certificate issued for www.coolexample.com is not valid for secure.coolexample.com. If you want your SSL to cover secure.coolexample.com,
 make sure the common name submitted in the CSR is secure.coolexample.com.

@ If you are requesting a wildcard certificate, add an asterisk (*) on the left side of the Common Name (e.g., *.coolexample.com or *.secure.coolexample.com).

@ Organization — The name in which your business is legally registered. The organization must be the legal registrant of the domain name in the certificate request.
 Note: If you are enrolling as an individual, enter the certificate requester's name in the Organization field, 
       and the Doing Business As (DBA) name in the Organizational Unit field.

@ Organizational Unit — Use this field to differentiate between divisions within an organization (such as "Engineering" or "Human Resources"). 
It is not necessary to specify an organizational unit when generating a CSR.

City/Locality — The full name of the city in which your organization is registered/located. Do not abbreviate.
State/Province — The full name of the state or province where your organization is located. Do not abbreviate.
Country — The two-letter International Organization for Standardization- (ISO-) format country code for the country in which your organization is legally registered.
For Cryptographic service provider, select Microsoft RSA SChannel Cryptographic Provider.
For Bit length, select 2048 or higher, and then click Next.

@ Click …, enter the location and file name for your CSR, and then click Finish.

Note:- Next step for installing the certificate in window server written in anothe folder